You're gonna love our guests coming up. It's got a great interview coming up. Excellent guest,
really top notch. I'm just gonna say that so that can be in there. Chris knows what to do with it.
I just got back from like a I went outside. I went and saw someone in person. I was very
confused when you were telling me about that because you were like, someone hit me up and
wanted to meet up and I'm like a nixa in Missouri. They did that. No, it's a friend. But okay, so
can you believe that I'm old enough to have been failing out of college 17 years ago? I haven't
seen this person in 17 years. That's like a whole adult. I still don't think the math works. I know
you probably did the math run somewhere because that seems impossible. No, it's possible.
2005 or wait, was that? Did I do the math run? Did I do the math run tonight?
Five, fifteen? No, 18 years ago. Yeah. Wow. That's insane actually. It's 2023. That's when
you were a freshman? Yeah, in college. Wow. I worked at the Geek Squad at Best Buy and this
person worked with me at the Geek Squad. His name is Roger. Hi, Roger. He might listen to our
podcast now because he knows we have a podcast because of course when I see someone they're like,
how's life been? I'm like, I have a podcast. And then they never ask to hang out again.
Yeah, right. Oh, you have a podcast. Okay. Well, actually got to be somewhere. I had coffee if
you can't tell. There's no amount of such instance in the world that could calm me down right now
because I have so much caffeine in me. Did you like hanging out with a real human being outside of
your house? It was nice. I mean, I was checking threads all the time. But like, other than that,
oh, I'm just kidding. Oh my goodness. No, it was really, it was nice. Go ahead. I didn't say,
well, that's a topic for the day, obviously. It really is. Yeah. For the day. Maybe not tomorrow,
but today at least. Okay, tell me what you really think because you're online personas like everything
socks and like, what do you really think? Yeah, basically. Okay. Well, hang on. So a little bit
of context because people might be listening to this episode later. Threads came out yesterday,
which is a new Twitter clone from, I guess they say it's an Instagram app. So from Instagram slash
Facebook slash meta from made up from made up, whatever they call themselves. It's exactly like
Twitter, except I guess there's no except it's exactly like Twitter. It's exactly like Twitter.
Yeah, I actually want to hear your thoughts first. I don't want to go first. Yes.
So thoughts, one, Twitter's been around a long time. How, how is the, the threads app so nice?
And it's like, it makes it so obvious how the Twitter UX, even just like the mobile app on iOS,
it's just so like not nice. I don't feel good when I use it. So they nailed that part where like,
everything about it just feels more polished. But like when I hit, when I send a tweet or whatever
they're called, it just works. I don't have to like go to the thing where I'm like, send anyway,
maybe that's my own problem. Maybe you can turn that off. I don't know. But like all the little
animations and like you press buttons and they vibrate and everything just feels good. That's
my first impression. I don't know if that's enough. That's funny because I just posted almost the
exact opposite. Oh, really? Because okay, so I definitely agree from a UX point of view. It's
much better. There's like not all this like clutter with, you know how if you like open a tweet on
Twitter, it's like a full analytics dashboard below the tweet. It's like views likes. Yeah,
there's so much stuff. Yeah. It's like there's like three rows of stuff there.
So there's definitely a lot of clutter on Twitter. But I was using both the app side by side. And I
actually, I expected the threads have to be like super polished and snappy feeling. But at least for
me, I'm using the iOS. I don't know if there's an Android app, but it's the iOS app. Everything
was slower, like refreshing for new tweets was slower. Really tweets was slower, even sending a
tweet. So these aren't I'm not going to say all these are performance issues. I think they're a mix
of some things are like literally a little bit slower and other things. They're not doing tricks
that make it feel faster. Because I've noticed like when you send when you're like create a post on
threads, there's actually a little spinner where it's like sending. Yeah, it's not send immediately.
It's yeah. Why did they do that? They could have just made it look like it did, right? Yeah. So on
Twitter, when I post it, it looks like it worked right away, even though it maybe it takes like a
long time is in the background, I have no idea. So there's a few small things like that where I'm
like, actually, I think that Twitter one is faster, or like feel snappier. But I think it's hard to
tell. Because I guess there's two dimensions, there's like the shitty UX of Twitter. And then
is it the actual like what it actually performs like? I think the Twitter, I'm surprised. I thought
threads would be like super snappy and like really know what it looks like. They have no legacy. It's
like a it's a new to new app. So there's no like, I can't believe we have the opposite take care. I
really felt like the app feels better. Maybe it's because on Twitter, I have the thing
with Twitter blue or whatever where when you send a tweet, there's a window where you can undo.
I hate that. I hate it so much. All the things you can turn it off. I thought I did, but it still
does it. Yeah, all the Twitter blue features are like negative features that like make everything
worse. Yeah, they're worse. Yeah. So okay, so I have more thoughts. The UX, I thought felt really nice.
I like that like when you're on the feed, you can just tap the profile picture and add the person.
That's been really great. Oh, yes. The UX is fantastic across the board. Yes.
The the follow button on the feed is great. My other thought is like, at first, it's like,
how is another Twitter clone? Are we ever really going to all switch? But then it's like when you
think about meta and Instagram having a billion users and you think about Twitter never even getting
there and how many bots are on Twitter, it's like is the audience just so much bigger potentially
that it makes it makes sense to be there because there's more people to connect with. I don't know.
That's my thoughts. Yeah, I think it's definitely of obviously they have the best shot because,
you know, they just have this giant ability to get like, you know, millions of people to sign up
very easily. Yeah, I don't know. Like I said, I think this one's the best chance of anything.
And it feels that way, especially I think they did a few early things right. I actually think this
whole like invite approach that everyone just takes by default is actually a negative thing for
stuff like this. Oh, for sure. Because I think it creates just fake hype. And it also like kills
momentum at the same time. If you remember, like Clubhouse was kind of like that. And then like
Blue Sky also did the same thing. So I feel like actually the whole like mindset around like
create exclusivity within, but I feel like that's kind of like a dated thing. I don't think that
really makes sense anymore. Do they do it for that reason? I don't want to interrupt you. But also,
do they do it for the hype? Or do they do it because they can't handle an immediate load?
Yeah, I think I think there's both. But for some things, there's definitely like people do
definitely think about the hype. I think that's definitely an aspect. I mean, the, I think like
Clubhouse one was not for like scales. I remember Clubhouse is very much like you feel bad that
you're not in here and everyone's hanging out having a good time. Like the FOMO thing like like
Abercrombie and Fitch or something. Yeah. Yeah. Wait, what? Hollister. I don't know. Those clothing
companies that like make you feel bad when you go in the store. They do. You didn't do that in
high school? I don't know. But I don't know. They make you feel bad when you feel bad about yourself.
Like look at all these amazing people and on the pictures. And it's like, I wish I were one of
those amazing people. You didn't feel that way. Definitely. Interesting. I think we were talking
about, plus they had like the people staying outside the store that were like, yeah, there were
jerks. They were literally like trying to be jerks to you. They were training them. Yeah, exactly.
Okay. Yeah, exactly. It's like that. So, so I think they did that right. Because now it's just like,
yes, everyone's in there overnight. And it feels super special moment. Yep. I actually am wondering,
and the other thing is it feels, and this is a pro and a con. So it, it felt, and this is what,
like all the other apps failed at. Blue Sky, whatever, you would go in and a few of the people you know
be there and feel kind of exclusive. But it would feel totally dead because there would be like no
activity. Because you know, if you only know 20 people there, how much content can they possibly
put posting? So the pro on threads is they very intentionally made sure the app felt alive.
That's why yesterday I felt like, oh, they get so alive that everyone's using it. Like, you know,
it feels like it's actually going to go somewhere. That's a pro because all other apps feel dead.
But the con is they did it by filling your fee with garbage. I think my, my feed is all just like
really random stuff that I do not want to see. Hey, you're not the only person that said that.
I've seen a lot of people say like, the feed is just, it's not the people I'm following.
That's not the case for me. Maybe I just followed a lot more people. But all I see is stuff from
people I'm following. It feels like tech Twitter pretty instantly. Oh, wow. Not like when I first
opened the app, obviously, it was just like random. Yeah. But I pretty quickly, after I followed, I don't
know, 20, 30 people, I feel like that's mostly what I'm seeing. I think for me, it feels like
their algorithm has no idea what to show me. So they're giving me like the stuff that works
well on average. And it's just like, it's like a ton of like random celebrity gossip slash like
like Instagram influencer, like there's traps type stuff. Just like, just stuff that I like
never consume it. It was actually kind of interesting for me to see because I'm like, oh, this is like
what the average person does on social media, the type of stuff they talk about, etc. Yeah.
I'm like constantly refreshing because I'm like looking for like the one out of 10 posts that are
from someone that I know. Really? It's so bizarre. I feel like we've had complete opposite experiences.
Yeah, it's interesting. Maybe I need to follow more people that might be it. Well, now I gotta
know how many people you're following. And I just got to open the threads app because I've hit the
threads app like 100 times in the last 12 hours. Why is it so like, are we all just starving for
something else? It's just like the first day of school thing, you know, it just feels like, yeah,
it's just like it just feels good when we're all doing something together. I know you're not a big
pop culture person, but I think I always go back to which I don't think will ever happen again was
when Game of Thrones was airing. And literally every single person, every single week was doing
the exact same thing. And we had this like shared topic with literally almost everyone that we
can just talk about. It's like the weather. It's like the thing we're all talking about on Twitter
right now. Yeah, exactly. Threads, which is funny. It's like this weird moment. Is it just going to
fade though? Do you have any like, I don't know, is it even interesting to talk about this anymore?
Like, will this one make it like, does it matter? Is it just like it may or may not? Who cares?
Yeah, I have no idea. I think they really need to introduce, I think because of my experience,
like, I'm like really craving a less wide algorithm, like, yeah, I actually think that Twitter,
I'm people have different experiences with this too. But with the way that I use Twitter,
the Twitter for you tab, which is algorithmic feed works fantastic for me. I like mostly
see stuff from people I know. And then I see interesting stuff from people adjacent. And I think,
yeah, that's like the level of discovery I want right now. Like, I mean, if I just open it right now,
yeah, like scrolling down, I like the first 20 or so posts before I see like someone that I
recognize talking about something in my bubble. So I have no idea how many people you're following.
You don't even see that. I didn't realize it's not visible. I don't see anywhere where it says
how many people someone follows. Just how many people follow. They're following 54.
How do you know that? So if I opened it up and go to the following tab,
it like says it in really small following tabs. There's a following hit followers,
and then you can switch it to following. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm following 64.
Okay. So it's like, I don't know. I don't know what it is then similar. Interesting.
Oh, I forgot to say I hate threads because you have more followers than me. I can't live in a world
where you have more social influence than me. It just hurts me to my core.
Yeah, I got to make sure I stay ahead. I got it. I got you on this one.
I just I just replied to one of your things. Like, why are people following you? Seriously,
why are people following? Because they love me, Adam. They love me more than they love you.
When we start at the same time, there's this is a perfect measure of
more. If we were starting at the same time, you would blow me out of the water. Oh, man.
You actually have a consistent personality, even if it's being a jerk to people.
Ever since I've established that, it's only been good. Like, I feel like it's only been positive
because now I can say whatever I want and no one like takes it personally. Yeah, I feel like you
are living your best life. Like, you've got this freedom, but I don't feel like I have.
Definitely recommend it to everyone. Establish early that you're going to be mean,
and I know when it's a promise. I can't even think of stuff though. I try to like,
think of mean replies just to channel my inner DAX. I can't. I just, it's not just give me your
password for a week. Can we do that? I see people notice.
Can we please? Can I tweet on yours too? That's funny. Yeah, we can just switch and see.
That would be so fun. Well, now everyone that listens is going to know. Yeah, but that's okay.
That's okay. What was I going to say? I think maybe the other, because I don't know what the
algorithm takes into account. Like, because for me, it's possible it might be looking at
my Instagram network, seeing the people that my Instagram network follows, and then showing me
that stuff, because I can't really explain this stuff otherwise. I don't have, it's a brand new
Instagram account for me. That's what it is. I don't have anything for it to pull from there.
So it's just going off who I follow on threads. Yeah, I have like, interesting. I have like 50
Instagram people that I follow, and they're all just like really old friends from high school.
So yeah, so I do actually have a private Instagram account where I've got like a little bit of
like family friends connections. And I bet on that one, if I had started with that one,
I would have a weird feed right now, because it's from like 15 years ago. And I was a very
different person. Yeah, maybe I should have started fresh. I just don't like fragmenting stuff, but
I will. Why do I feel so guilty, like mentioning threads on Twitter? I feel like there's just a
group of people that are like, we're not leaving Twitter and they get so hostile, but like we can
be on both. Can I be on both until I'm not on one? Are there people being hostile? Not hostile,
but just it's it's kind of like the trope of like, okay, just like you left for Mastodon. I didn't
leave for Mastodon. I didn't leave for Mastodon. I did try blue sky a little bit. Nice. I left after
like two days. Yep. And I'm gonna try threads for a little bit. Yeah. I mean, the last thing is,
obviously, they have way more momentum than everyone else, but they still have the fundamental problem
of are the people typically creating the content? Are they able to make the shift over? So one,
they might not want to, because they already have a big audience and wherever they are,
you might not have it in that place. Two, even if you want to, living in both worlds is like
such a pain, because your only options are post the same thing on both, which feels like really fake.
I don't like I don't really want to do that. Or come up with twice an amount of content.
Yeah. I'm honestly feeling a little overwhelmed this morning because just speaking specifically
to the podcast, a little meta commentary here. Oh, meta. It like just thinking about posting
like when we have a new episode, it's like, okay, we should probably we're posting the episodes
to YouTube now. And then like, we should do some shorts off the YouTube video. And then we should
do like, we got to tweet it. And now do we have to thread it? And then like, we should put on reels,
I guess, and the TikTok. It literally, there's like eight places we probably should put stuff.
So people see it. It's just overwhelming though. You'd have to have a full time, like someone doing
it full time to stay on top of all of it. Yeah, exactly. Or more than one person.
Yeah. And that's just, that's just like posting the same content across both and like,
trying to like genuinely make different kinds of things. So it's like, Oh, I have a good thing.
I want to post, do I post it on Twitter? Because I want a lot of people to see it. Or do I like
invest it into threads? Because I'm trying to like, do something there. It just sucks to be split in
this way. So I feel like unless it feels like a lot of creators able to figure that out and move
over and grow on threads, I don't really see it switching over. Because ultimately, all social
networks are the same, like 99% of the content comes from a small percent of people. And that's
the people you have to win over. And that's there's like, no, no one's really, it's like really hard
to do that. Very difficult. So that's threads next topic. Let's talk about something else.
Yeah, anything else, please. I wonder, here's one thing. I just got out of this coffee with Roger.
It was a good time. And I realized halfway through that it devolved into a therapy session,
where he was giving me therapy. Why do I do that with every single person? What is wrong with me?
Well, like, what were you telling him about? That's the thing. I always like, no matter who I'm talking
to, haven't spoken to in 17 years, or I talk to you every day, like you, I devolve into the same
topics, which is like, life is hard. It's hard to have a family in 2023. What is there a reason I
keep jumping to that? I don't know. I think it's like, I don't know if I easy to talk about because
it's like the most relevant thing in your life. Okay, it's just easy. I'm just socially, I think
I'm socially anxious. Talk about the weather. Do you feel like you're socially anxious? Talk
about the weather. Do you feel like like when you talk with people that you don't talk with a lot,
do you feel kind of like anxious inside? Like, yes, and you immediately jump to stuff you shouldn't
probably talk about? That's not my reaction to it. But yes, I'm like, fundamentally,
I'm an introvert, even though I've like, trained myself to like, same, get better at not being,
like, not letting that limit me in a bunch of ways. Yep. But in my core, I'm always going to feel,
and everyone feels uncomfortable. But I feel like I feel more uncomfortable than the average person.
Yes. So I definitely feel that. But I genuinely love, like, I love interacting with people.
Me too. I just, it drains me and I do feel like I just want to be in my office alone for a while.
It takes me a while before I really feel natural with someone, like, like, hang out with them a
bunch of times before I like, can start to really be myself. Otherwise, I feel like I'm like thinking
about everything too much. How you're coming off and what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah, just like,
I mean, I feel like my brain just goes blank. I don't know what to say. And like, I'm not as
quick as I normally am. And it just, yeah, it just feels a little different. Here's a funny story,
though. So I read this book. I mean, we've all read it, I think, how to win friends and influence
people. Obviously, one of the classics, have you read it? I've got it in my audible. I've never
listened to a classic. It's like, everyone's listened to it. The summary of it is it's basically just
a bunch of stuff you probably already know. But what's interesting about the book is the author
has very specific examples of people doing certain things and what crazy outcomes
came out of doing very simple things. So they're talking about how to interact with people and
how to make everyone feel good when they have an interaction with you. And it's really basic stuff,
like really pay attention to what they're saying, like, ask some questions about things,
like with different ways to relate to people. So I wrote this book. So it was very top of mind.
And I was like, okay, whenever I go out, I'm going to try to keep this in mind, like, practice it.
And the weekend that I was reading the book, Liz's sister, this is before me and Liz were dating,
she came to town for Liz's birthday. So we did like a birthday dinner. So I hung out with
Liz's sister for the first time. And we were spending a lot of time together throughout the night.
And I was just using, I was hitting every single bullet point in the book. And I was like, wow,
like, okay, this is working. And then I can do all this. And it was a funny thing for me.
This is working.
Yeah. And then, you know, I went home and I didn't think much of it. And then next week,
Liz messaged me and got it. She was like, wow, Dax, like Marion, her sister, and then Marion,
she's like, Marion, like really liked you. She like really, she had like such great things to say,
like she like, whatever way to tell me that, you know, she had a really great time hanging out with
me. And I was like, okay, I have to have something to confess. So then I told her, like, I just used
all these tricks on her. And Marion actually just found it really funny. Like it wasn't,
which is like a fun situation. Yeah. But yeah, I mean, that stuff works. And it is health wise.
It's one of those things that they're all obvious, but are easy to forget. So sometimes I like refresh
my memory on, on the things in it. Yeah. Have you used any of them on me? No, I don't think so.
To some degree, some of that has been embedded in my head. But if you like, if you literally
read it, like the next week of your life, just gonna be like, especially good socially, it's like a
mat, it's like a trick, because you just have all this fresh in your head. But then like, you
know, you forget about it over time. Yeah, for a minute there, I started just like, imagine,
imagining like our entire relationship is a lie. And you just like made me like you somehow by
using a bunch of mind tricks. That was a fun little rabbit hole in my brain went down. Like,
did that just sucker me into being his friend? Yeah. Well, it's not. Yeah, I guess they are tricks.
It's funny, though, in the the Liz and Marion situation, because they're very close. And Liz
always says like, yeah, if Marion didn't have a good impression of you, like, I don't think
he would have ever like me and Liz would have ever like gotten together like that.
Oh, wow. So that was very influential. Yeah, I know. Thank God for that book.
Huh. Got it. You're married now because of it. Oh, yeah. Wow. I'm gonna listen to one of my 10
books. I'm already married, but when you're when you're 10 bucks. Oh, that reminds me Liz is
Liz is coming on next week. And that's a good segue to say like, hey, if you listen to this
podcast and you would like us to have somebody on, well, we would love your ideas. We're soliciting
guest ideas. I don't know if we are. We probably already have a lot of ideas. I just thought we
could ask the audience who they'd like to hear from. Yeah, I'm there. Also, if you're listening,
you should give us a review. I hear that's important. Would you please review the podcast? No, I'd
never really ask for that. And I feel like 30 some in, you know, we should probably ask. Yes,
please do review it. Unless it's going to be a bad review. If it's going to be a bad review,
yeah, we don't want your bad feedback. Yeah. Yeah, we already we already know all the bad
things about it. So don't tell us. Yeah. And everyone else does too. So you don't need to
inform them either. Right. We have some maybe that's why we don't have any reviews. So we have a few
people scheduled. So Liz is I'm gonna I'm gonna do a thing with listening on Monday. I talked to
the linear co founder and he's down to come on. I'm really excited about that one because I like
incessantly talk about linear all the time. It's like the foundation of the way I think about all
software right now. Yep. And I'm always like mentioning them on Twitter and I wonder if they
funded annoying, but yeah, I'm excited to have him on and talk about one, the history of the company
because it's going to be because like they built yet another project management tool. So I kind of
want to know like, yeah, they picked the least unique idea ever. But they just focused on execute.
So I want to hear about that. And too, I want to hear about like the type of stuff they care about
in terms of building a web app because my whole thing and we thought about the bunch where I feel
the stuff that I was the tech community care about overall is kind of irrelevant. And hearing from
someone that's executed on a really good product and like what they actually care about. Yeah,
I think we just don't hear from that as much. Something said for that one. So I feel like linear
is like the gold standard in the community. Everyone just knows it's like this amazing app that was
executed so perfectly. But I feel like as a founder, is he kind of low key on purpose? I didn't know
who the linear founder was the whole company is super low key. Like, you know, yeah, I don't know
anybody that works at labor. Yeah, yeah. I mean, it's a probably pretty small, I guess. Yeah, they
are very small. They're definitely a unicorn valuation, I think. Yeah, I mean, well, explanation
is they're just like way too successful to give a shit about anything else someday. I want to be
so successful. I don't care about anything else. Yeah, that's that's my theory. But yeah, they're
very low key, but I would love for them to be a little less low key because yeah, anything they
say shouldn't have a lot of influence. They know how to build apps. I think I should get to interview
Liz. I think that should be a thing. You're not going to be objective. I was asking Liz, like,
would it be funny? I just would go by what's funny. It would be funnier if I did it or
funnier if Adam did it. I'm just teasing. But did she say me? You're so needy. You have your own
wife. Go be needy with her. I am very needy with my life. I don't know what we'll talk about it
because I think yeah, maybe we can even do one of each. But she had a it's funny. I don't know if
you saw. I don't know if you saw me says yesterday. She said, oh, yeah, listen to that podcast where
you and Adam talked about being a founder and what it's like. It was good, but you guys didn't
talk about anything important. I was like, well, okay, you want to come on. And you can you can
talk about the stuff that really matters. That's amazing. Have you ever been in a stage in your
career where you hate when everyone's on vacation, like all your teammates, like you're just so
excited about work every day that when people start like ducking out for the summer, you're just
like frustrated because you just want to be doing stuff with them. Have you ever had that? I definitely
had that. Yes. And some early status. Yeah, for sure. Because like my work is a big part of my social
life. So when it slows down, like around the holidays, yeah, I mean, yeah, holiday. Same thing.
Yeah, I used to hate hate the like the December or Christmas New Year holiday because
everyone would just be gone. I don't have a big family. So it's not like I was doing like a bunch
of family things for weeks. And I would just be like by myself for like two or three weeks.
And then we'll create isolating my work friends and my like normal friends like everyone would
just be gone away. Yep. And that sucked. But now I get to hang out with Liz's family who's like
very stimulating. So I don't mind anymore. But there's period of time where I was like,
I hate it. I hate vacation time. Yeah, how do you I mean, this is just three people.
How do you guys do like time off? Like do you guys make each other take time off?
Do you take off normal amounts of time less more? No, we're super toxic. So nobody takes
off. Never take off. We have our Sunday meetings. Like we have like the worst people in the world.
Oh, we have Sunday meetings. We're very kind. We're kind of the most toxic for a culture possible.
Well, at least it's just the three of you. You're not like putting that on other people.
I love second people being a force people and three toxic workers. I mean,
okay. When people talk about this stuff, that's how I feel. They're like, you can like force people
until like feeling bad. And so I think was what do we do? So I mean, everyone's gonna kind of
different situations like Frank has two kids. So he's he works a lot and he's always juggling
his kid stuff. So they don't like really take a lot of time off off because it's just like
a lot with like, you know, take your kids from them. They're very small. So they're not really
at that stage with taking vacations. Jay will do trips, but he it's kind of funny because like
I'll have no idea he's somewhere else. And then I'll randomly have a meeting or we'll have like
a call and he'll have a different background and I'll be like, Oh yeah, I've been in Mexico City for
the past week and just like, it has no impact. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can't do I get nothing done if
I'm not in my office. I can't like travel and work. Yeah. I always take a laptop and I'm like,
I'm gonna get something done. No, I just can't. No, yeah. It's impossible. I only get worked on
my desk and I've been that way for so long. I'm not going to change that. I don't care. I don't
care what people say. I don't care about that. No mad thing. I don't get working in coffee shops.
It doesn't make any sense. Like, why do you want to work somewhere where you have more cramped
and you have a worse setup? Not for me. Yeah, not for me. And I've seen this circulating a little
bit on Twitter, like that everybody buys Macbooks and docks them most of the time. It is kind of dumb.
Like Mac Minis, Mac Studio, they're super powerful. Yeah, exactly. You don't have to deal with all the
people will say, Oh, but you can just take the laptop if you need to. But like, again, I get nothing
done. I think people just like the optionality. They're like, well, what if I want to go whatever,
even if 99% time don't take advantage of it. But yeah, you know, just commit to something,
commit to working at your desk. Yeah, commit to getting nothing done off your desk.
I don't think enough people like invest in their, their like home work setup or just like offices.
I feel like I've gone really over the top with my office. But like, I feel like there's a happy
medium between people that like work on their bed with a laptop and like, I don't know, we all
make pretty good money in tech. Not all. Okay. That was, that was not true. People in the US
make a lot of money in tech. So I feel like since spending like 0.5% of that on a home office
that you really like to be in, I love having a space. And so we've got the room next door is my
wife's office. We're making it kind of we did mine and now we're doing hers. Just having a space in
your house. It's kind of like your little sanctuary. It's nice. Yeah, no, it's really important. And
you can like build it up over time. I've never felt bad about investing in that stuff because
literally all my money physically comes out of the space. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. It feels like a good
investment. I hate using like ROI. It feels like there's a good ROI on investing in my office.
Now, like, yeah, people like have like shitty chairs, they sit on and it's like, it's,
you spend so much time there. It's like, you can break it down by the number of hours. It's like,
it's like pennies that you're spending on it. But yeah, and just build up over time. Like,
my setup has been built up over over so many, so many years and it's super nice now. Everything
just feels like a downgrade if I work anywhere else. Okay, you're going to love our guests coming
up. Excellent guest. Really top notch. Okay, so we got milky coming on. But before milky comes on,
I do wish I was anonymous. I wish I had gone the primogen route and like, or the milky route and
just used a pseudonym. Do you wish that? Yeah, I do. It feels like it's too late, but is it not?
Maybe it's not too late. Okay, it's too late. It's too late. I thought about this too. And I
kind of wish I did that. I like initially started to, but when I first joined SST, but it felt really,
and I just felt kind of awkward that I was like anonymous, but like, like talking about a company.
I think it makes it like in hindsight now, like actually wouldn't have been weird, but I think
we were just kind of overthinking it. Yeah, it's a, I guess it is a little different for you with
SST. Like, but I just, I see these people who are like completely anonymous, like don't even have
pictures of them. Like, who's that AJ guy that made that card app? It's like this very mysterious
figure that nobody knows who he is. The car. And he like has this whole, it's like a whole like
indie hacker kind of, but it's pretty successful. I think like website builder. And he's like hired
people. It's like grown enough that, but he's completely anonymous. Nobody knows who he is.
That's kind of nice. And Twitter, he's just AJ. And it's like some like cartoon avatar thing.
I'm jealous. Yeah. And then do you ever think about like just making a second
social presence that's completely anonymous? And no one would know it was you. You know what I mean?
Like you could completely, well, they'd know from you because they'd be all these like derogatory
underscore tweets. They'd be like, that's Dax for sure. Nobody else is such a joke. Sorry,
I keep hammering home that that's like your online persona. But you kind of like keep, keep,
keep doing it. I want to really establish it. It just feeds you. It just feeds on anyone else.
Like you're just getting in on it. You know, I want to like, I want it to be very clearly my zone.
I can't think of anybody else that's as like abrasive as you on Twitter.
Can you? I can't think of anybody. I think you got it to yourself.
Awesome. I love it.
So when we trade, when we do the trade thing, where you take over my Twitter and I take over
years, just don't get, just don't say anything that's going to get me in real big trouble.
Okay. I feel like we need to lay some ground rules here.
You could like do some things that would be damaging to me.
I'm not participating in those ground rules.
It's got to be completely open for any.
I'm going to get you on a percent canceled.
Oh, you will.
It's going to be so easy.
Well, yeah. Anybody could get anybody canceled if they had control of their social accounts.
Like it would not take very long. Like two tweets max.
No, but it's got to be believable.
Yeah, that's the second tweet is this is not a joke. Like say whatever.
And then is milky still coming?
I think milky's coming.
The anonymous milky.
He's updating Chrome.
Oh, yeah. Rivers that you have to use Chrome.
That's a that's a funny.
That's like how you have to you have to deploy what ACM certs and USC Swan or whatever.
It's like weird arbitrary restrictions, the whole thing or cloud front.
What is it? Cloud front SSL certs? I don't know.
Yeah, everything that's a global service is control point isn't USC one.
So you have to deploy it.
Yeah.
And USC Swan man, the cross region stuff is really really causing some nightmares for me.
Oh, do do tell while we wait on the mysterious milky.
It's just it's a tweet that I posted other day.
Regions is a great idea because it gives you control over isolation.
Like you have very strong control over what runs in what region and it's good.
That's like how you get reliability. If you have seven to regions,
you know that there's very little dependency between the two.
But I hate that all the IAC tooling to like spin stuff up in the correct way,
like CloudFormation CDK, whatever those also follow region restrictions.
Like CloudFormation can only spin up stuff in its own region.
And I'm like, and that doesn't make sense to me because like that
should represent your app and all of your infrastructure,
which might go across one or many other regions.
Yeah, which is how Terraform works.
Like whenever I bring up this topic, people are always like, that's impossible.
Like that one.
But this is just how Terraform works.
Terraform lets you corn itself across many regions.
Millions of companies.
I don't have what their number is like at massive scale is being used.
And it's completely fine.
And like in the AWS version, you have always weird hacks where if you're deploying something
in US, he's two and you need an ACM certificate.
They like spin up a temporary lambda to then like spin it up in the other
region and they like pretend like it's in the same region.
It's just like such a mess.
Yep.
And yeah, it is not great.
And with that fascinating topic.
With that.
We went from the dumbest, driest topic ever to milky's here.
Take a break from posting on threads.
Yeah, dude, I went off last night.
I was like, I was posting every 30 seconds.
I didn't have no filter.
I had no filter.
Like, you know, nobody's here yet.
Like might have told you the great because I was talking at him earlier.
Like my feet were just complete trade garbage.
What's your feed like?
Is it garbage or is it good?
No, it's garbage.
It's like I get frustrated.
Like I see trash a lot.
I'm like, broad.
I just got enough on Twitter.
Like I talked to this not enough.
I don't want to see him on the new platform, you know.
So I'm just like, I'm trying to avoid him.
And it's just like a bunch of stuff.
Yeah, that's like real shit.
So I'm just like, yeah.
Did you have an existing Instagram account, milky?
Like was it?
Were you on Instagram before this?
I have a personal account, but I do not tie any personal stuff to milky.
I would you guys were talking about earlier?
Like the separation between, yeah, I have a personal account.
And I was like, there is not a chance in hell.
I'm gonna let any of these people know anything about my life.
So your name is not milky.
I just learned this today.
Yeah, my so my name is Alan.
Oh, you don't have to tell us.
Hey, whoa.
Are you okay with that being out there?
Yeah.
Because I mean, we have a lot of this.
Like a lot.
That's why Alex mocks.
I can't believe your name is not milky.
It's blowing my mind.
I think my name is dope.
Oh, I love it.
It's cool.
Yeah.
Short names.
Huh.
You're okay.
You're the second person that's come on with that exact background.
Did you steal that from teach?
Do I steal it from teach?
No, I just stole it from me, man.
I was.
There's no teach for context.
Teach used a picture of milky's background.
Like he's on a green screen.
So he came on the podcast with the milky background.
Yeah, he did the same thing when he was on a,
I think it was like another podcast.
And he just keeps using my background.
And I'm like.
And he doesn't even tell me.
I literally had to see it.
Like, I just see the like the podcast release.
I just see teach using my background.
Dude, he's about to steal your identity.
Maybe you shouldn't give him it.
He just needed your name.
That was the last step.
He's got everything else.
Yeah, he got he got the aesthetics and everything.
So yeah.
Ooh, the pour over.
Look at that Kim X.
I even know these things.
The thing with the copy link is funny.
Because now I can go look at people's Instagrams.
And it's just funny as hell because I feel like the,
I think in Instagram, you like curate a vibe.
So you're always posting like the best pictures.
So you have like, I think people have like a cooler vibe
than what they actually are.
But I know these idiots from Twitter.
So when I look at some Instagram,
like this juxtaposition is so funny.
Because like all their friends,
they're like super cool.
But I know what they really like is,
they're real stuff from down on Twitter.
Dude, it's so funny.
I see so many people who didn't want to go the route
of like restarting a new Instagram account.
And so their names are like the ultimate high school.
But like on Twitter, he's like that tech dude one seven seven.
And I'm just like, bro, it's like,
there's too much of a cross pollination occurring.
I'd say people's identities from 10 years ago
are showing up again.
So the thing they were into back then.
Dude, like even Theo,
like his Instagram is like fully skateboard.
So it's like fake in Bigfoot.
And then on Twitter, it's all like Theo.
So I'm just like, okay, this is going to be interesting.
You're just knowing him.
I know that the lack of it matching up is is frustrating.
Oh, I'm driving out of here.
So I'm like wondering, yeah.
Yeah, I'm wondering what his plan is there.
Let's move on to your address and like where do you work.
And yeah, social and should I repeat,
my social insurance number two?
Social insurance.
Is that some Canadian shit?
My bad, it is. I thought you were in America.
We just had July 4th.
Man, come on.
Wait, are you actually from Canada?
Yeah, I'm from, I'm a two-time immigrant, bro.
Oh, you've moved to the US?
You live in the US now?
Yeah, immigrate to Canada and then I immigrate to
the United States of America, baby.
Baby, where did you migrate from?
You went to Canada from where?
Russia.
Russia?
Like you born in Russia.
Hell yeah.
Wow, how long did you live there?
For like four or five years.
Do you remember anything about Russia?
Is it like cold, a lot of vodka at four, four years, five years?
Yeah, all of that.
I'm, my parents are still very, very,
like I grew up in a very Russian household extremely.
Like my parents are like, don't like, you know,
they didn't really adapt too much to the Canadian-
Westernized society.
Yeah, I suppose, but we've been here for a long time.
But yeah, so I, do I remember Russia itself?
Sometimes I've been a minute since I visited,
like first year university, so I haven't been there much,
but like culturally, like I grew up very, very Russian.
And then how old were you when you moved from Canada to the US?
This is last year, dude.
I should.
Really?
Wow.
Wait, do you live?
I don't want, you don't have to like tell us exactly,
but you live in California, like Twitch stuff?
No, I live in Seattle.
I moved, so yeah, I grew up in Toronto,
then I went to Vancouver,
and then from Vancouver, I went to Seattle,
because it was like a three-hour drive.
Oh, that's close, yeah.
It's gonna be pretty seamless.
Exactly.
Oh, you grew up in Toronto, like the other two.
Yeah.
Toronto's best to see they're in Toronto right now.
Oh, awesome.
Yeah, Toronto's beautiful.
I love Toronto.
The food there is absolutely beautiful,
and like the people are great.
It's cold as hell, but it's awesome.
Is it even that cold?
Because whenever I would, because when I was in New York,
whenever I would check the weather,
it was like two degrees different from New York.
No, it gets cold, man.
Like Toronto definitely gets really cold.
Like the winners are, I mean last, like last two years,
having that cold, global warming may be like,
like hell yeah, Toronto's gonna be a paradise
in a couple of years.
Yeah, do we're gonna get those beaches up?
But yeah, no, I remember like I went to school
a little bit north, like university,
like a little bit north of Toronto,
and like we get like,
I don't know what it is in American units,
but negative 40 degrees Celsius, which is very cold.
I think it's still negative 40 degrees Fahrenheit, actually.
I think it sounds like a lot.
Can somebody calculate that?
Yeah, I think it's actually the same.
It's the same in Fahrenheit, yeah.
Oh, really?
The same in Fahrenheit.
Whoa, how's that work?
I don't want to think about it.
It's too complicated.
That's so crazy.
It doesn't math like that in like 15 years.
Yeah, we're programmers, we don't do math.
We don't need that.
Have we mentioned that Melky works at Twitch?
I feel like we should mention that Melky works at Twitch.
Yeah, he's got a wrench.
He goes, he's got the wrench in chat.
This is before like I met any of you two,
like that, Adam, but like,
so I started shooting way before I worked at Twitch,
and I was just like some random dude
just shooting that prime like,
that was essentially like the story,
like I'm just like me,
and he kept rating me, and like that was it.
And then somehow I got a job at Twitch.
So it was such a cool thing
that I just became this random like,
bro, making like shitty apps to actually getting the wrench.
And everyone's like, how like,
I remember the memes that came out of it.
It's like, yo, if Melky can get a job at Twitch,
like damn, like.
Were you always a software engineer?
Nah, I almost felt,
so I went through school for mechanical engineering,
and like, I hated it, it paid like marbles
and like crumbs from a cracker,
and I was like, nah, this is not, this can't be it, dude.
I remember one discussion I had,
and it was like, I was talking to this dude,
I was doing a co-op in a mechanical engineering company,
and he's like, oh, like, you know,
if you work really hard in 10 years,
you'll be making like, you know, 100k.
And I'm there like 19 years old,
and I'm like, in 10 years, only be making 100k.
I'm like, there's, there's no way.
Like, I can't, I can't do that.
And I was saying like, that's, you know,
that's a great amount of money,
but I just wanted to be a little bit more aggressive
to hit that goal, I think.
And last year or last semester,
I just stopped, like, I just graduated,
and then I didn't do anything,
and I just programmed.
I just learned, I went straight into machine learning
because I didn't have enough time
to get into like a proper back end or front end job
because I had to pay off my student loans,
I had to pay rent, like, I had to move quick.
So I was like, what's the hottest field right now?
That was machine learning.
So before I could even write,
like, a class, like, object-oriented programming,
I knew how to create a new network.
And I just went deep into, like, that's all I did.
I just went deep into that, and that was it.
That's how I got where I am today.
- You went straight to Twitch?
- I went straight to a startup
that hired me as the lead ML engineer,
and I was like, this is such a bad idea.
Like, like, I was like, guys, like, this is like,
are you sure?
Like, I was so open in the interview,
I was like, I just graduated,
no work experience, like, I'm like,
I'm gonna be kind of making it up as I go.
And I know we like that, you know,
you bring this element to the game.
And I was like, okay, okay.
But yeah, that startup got acquired.
So then I moved to Twitch.
- They didn't get acquired by Twitch, did they?
- No, no, they got acquired by,
like, a company older than the printing press.
- Is it IBM?
- Whoa, I swear to God, I swear to God.
That's not even, I'm not even memeing, bro.
Like, they were known for some shit
they did with the printing press.
(laughing)
- That's so random.
I know, the company's older than Canada.
And that was like a sign I'm getting at it.
(laughing)
- Oh, so did you do the whole like,
like, fang interview thing?
Like, do you do a, do you interview at Twitch?
Or do you interview at Amazon?
How's that work?
- So I got hard at Twitch at the end of 2021.
And at that time, it was still very like Twitch-esque.
So I went to like a Twitch loop,
but it was like, it's pretty much like,
like a, it's like a derivative of the Amazon loop.
You know, they may not be as strict on certain things
and they may allow like, you know,
maybe not as strict on like tech stuff.
And like if your personality shines more,
they'll hire you.
Nowadays though, it's way more influence on the Amazon loop.
Like it's, it's pretty much a one-to-one
to what an Amazon interview would look like.
- The leadership principles and-
- Yes.
- Yes, exactly.
Exactly. We play co-op, all that stuff.
- What is your, what does your day-to-day look like at Twitch?
Like, what are you, you're an ML guy, right?
Your data or something?
- No, so I'm, so I am an, so my title at Twitch
is ML infrastructure engineer.
And I'm a tech lead for my team,
which is called the personalization team.
And what we try to do is use,
we try to create services on Twitch using ML
that personalize a personal experience.
So obviously it's like recommendations,
like things that you see, and also a branch of that,
that just kind of dropped in our lap was like fraud.
So we, everything to do with fraud, we battle it.
So it's kind of like, we try to personalize experience
and we do a lot of fraud prevention stuff.
And so me particularly, like my bread and butter
is like creating new services and putting them out there.
Like I'm not really like, once the service gets made,
I kind of roll off and I let someone else maintain it.
And like, I kind of like facilitate
the maintenance of it, I suppose.
But my specialty is like, okay, we have this idea.
So I created the, like the TDD, the design document,
and then I implement it.
So I get like a team.
- Oh man.
- I get people to execute kind of my architecture
and then I kind of just launch on production.
And I do that like, so every quarter,
it's like one big project.
And we keep kind of going in and doing it.
- That is my dream job.
I want to just start stuff and not have to finish you.
Like that's my dream in life.
I mean, kind of, but I don't get paid to do that.
- You do whatever you want.
- But like I don't get, like I would love to just be able
to be like starting new things that live on,
not like new things that just die
and then I wasted my time.
- The coolest service I own and I use that term very loosely
'cause like now it's under my control and it is my service
but it's called, it's the,
you know what someone gives you guys a gift?
And it's like, let's say someone gives you like 20 gifts.
- Hang on, Dax, has anyone ever given you a gift?
Do you know what that is on Twitch?
- I hope not.
- Are you aware that I'm my leaderboard, Adam?
You give me 37 gifts right there.
- I forgot.
Sorry.
- Okay, sorry.
Continue.
- I was so mad when I saw all you guys
give Dax subs.
I was trying to stop that.
I was like, you'll stop.
- Stop giving me stuff.
- You're telling me if he was going harder
every time he said that.
- Dude, I don't learn my lesson.
I do the same with trash.
I'm like, guys, stop giving trash subs
and people keep doing it.
I just leave.
I'm like, this is always back.
- It's upsetting.
- Yeah.
Especially when it's trash, it's upsetting.
- It's so upsetting.
But yeah, so whenever there's like a large amount of gifts
or like anything over 10 or 20, whatever,
it's always like who gets those gifts, right?
And like, it's pretty easy to think like,
oh, just be people in chat or, you know, whatever.
But really like the purpose of the gifting system
is to actually get a gift.
And then we want that person to convert
to being a sub themself, right?
So it's not all about hitting it
to the person's talk the most in your chat that day
or the person who's come up and said something funny.
It's like, we try to actually use ML
to determine who are the best candidates
to convert themselves.
- Yeah, most of them don't, just in my experience.
(laughing)
- It's doing a terrible job, Melky.
- Keep working on it 'cause it's got them.
(laughing)
- Do you guys like build all your own stuff
or do you like leverage all the Amazon's verses
and things like that for ML?
- No, we don't do any Amazon.
Like the only stuff we use Amazon is like,
obviously there's a suite called Amazon Builder Tools,
which is like their internal tooling
for like their pipeline systems
and like their internal like compiler and all that stuff.
But in terms of like their ML stuff,
now we don't do anything like that.
We just kind of, you know, build our own stuff in house
and like use existing systems and stuff like that.
- Do they like, why don't you guys
integrate deeper or do they not care?
- Yeah, they do, they do.
They want Amazon influence, especially do you remember
that big, do you guys there?
When we got that big leak, the Twitch leak
like all of our source code.
- What, no, the source code?
- We didn't hear about that.
- Did I hear about this?
I don't think so.
Source code?
- Okay, so this, yeah.
So all of Twitch source code leaked
at the end of 2021, all of it.
Like there was a massive, massive leak.
Yeah, yeah, it was bad.
It was, it was really bad.
So every code, every commit was, I don't get hub
and like it was a whole scramble to like get it out of it.
You can imagine, right?
But ever since then, there's been a more,
you know, a change in thought by leadership
that we want to get more Amazon tech
to avoid any tech down in the future.
- Interesting.
- Why does that avoid it in the future?
'Cause Amazon stuff is more locked down.
- Yeah, more locked down.
There's a little bit more provision.
There's a little bit more steps to, you know,
get things in production.
- There's definitely a lot of more steps.
Like, do you use like code commit?
Like the actual like get replacement or get hub replacement?
- Yeah.
- Oh man.
- So if it leaked on there, no one would know
'cause nobody goes to code commit.
- This is the, this is the reason I,
oh, look at that.
- Oh, this is.
- How old is it?
- How old is he now?
- 11 weeks.
- This is the new junior my team.
- You know, what's the dog's name?
Dax, you know this dog?
- Yeah.
- That's his Dax.
- You just act like you have a relationship.
Like how, oh, how old is the dog now?
- I know his title is Prince of Darkness,
but I forgot the first part of it.
- Yeah, it's honeydew Prince of Darkness mocks.
- Honeydew Prince of Darkness.
- You're really good at naming things.
Melky.
- Thank you.
- Honeydew Prince of Darkness.
- Yeah, I wanted to go,
Honeydew Prince of Darkness Mohammed mocks, but wow.
That wasn't, I got lucky with the Prince of Darkness.
I didn't want to push my rock.
(laughing)
- They approved it.
They approve the Prince of Darkness.
- Yeah.
- As long as insurance too, it's literally like,
his legal name is Prince of Darkness.
All his legal dog is out there.
- Wow.
- That's funny.
- That's amazing.
- Yeah, my dog has like a legal passport.
It's funny, though.
- Dogs can get passports?
- There's like a canine passport.
Yeah.
- They have to have it to travel?
- I think I've told you about this before,
but I'm gonna say it again.
So he was born in Serbia.
- I knew that.
- And they brought him over here when it was a puppy,
but European airlines don't fly doablements.
So it's like, it's like a policy.
- Oh yeah, tell me this.
- Oh yeah.
- The racist.
- The racist European airlines.
- I didn't know your dog is from Serbia.
- Where is?
- He's like kind of Russian.
- Is that close to Russia?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, nearby.
- I know that 'cause of golden nine, double seven.
Like, isn't that like something's in Serbia?
No, it's Siberia.
Sorry, continue.
(laughing)
- All right, it's only the other side.
So they, he has a passport, but it's like a fake passport
'cause it has a different breed name
and it has a Manchester Terrier,
which is, when there are puppies, governments, I'm sorry.
- She should be leaking this information.
- Imagine.
- The cops are coming to my house and take Zuko.
- Yeah.
- It's like, hey, we've heard,
can you check his passport for a second?
'Cause I'm pretty sure this is fucking golden right here.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
So it says Manchester Terrier and as puppies,
they look the same,
but Manchester Terriers are like 30 pound dogs as adults.
But as puppies, they look like this.
I'm sorry, he's got like a fake.
He's got a Serbian passport with like,
a doctored breed information on there.
- Wow.
It's like one of those pictures that's like six, four
and like little league.
(laughing)
- Let's see that Berkshire Terrier.
- Yeah.
(laughing)
- I'm 13-year-old.
- Exactly.
- Yeah.
- They breed like a little poodle.
Then Zuko shows up with giant Dilberman.
- Yeah, what's up?
(laughing)
Is there a problem?
- It's like, you know, we were talking about that
'cause me and Liz are like,
always toying with the idea of getting a second dog.
And we can't get another Dilberman
because it would just be ridiculous,
like two giant dogs in her house
and like on her bed and all that.
- Yeah.
- But we want to get a Dilberman.
It looks like a Dilberman.
So we're thinking about,
we're talking about getting a Dachshund
potentially 'cause they got the same girls.
(laughing)
- That's a bad.
- Yeah, Dachshunds are the best.
- I think it's so funny.
- I think it's a dynamic.
It seems like a cartoon.
Like it's started like a Disney movie or something.
Like a big Dilberman and a little like Dachshund.
But I highly recommend.
There's stubborn men.
- Tell me more about Dachshunds.
What's her personality like?
I don't know anything.
- Yeah, I'm a huge Dachshund fan.
My favorite animal is the long-haired Dachshund.
Like this guy.
Yeah, so I think Dachshunds,
I told you like my family dog,
the one I grew up with was,
he was an 18-year-old long-haired Dachshund
who passed away in October,
but 18 years old,
like this guy was like the man,
you know, the alpha, the alpha.
(laughing)
But their personality,
like they're super stubborn.
- They eat a lot.
They can be dicks, man.
I don't want that.
(laughing)
They can be dicks for sure.
I mean, little dogs in general,
little dogs are kind of more high-strong.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, they are.
But dude, I don't know.
They're an incredible companion
and like they'll always have your back.
Like this morning,
me and Honeydoo fought the back and cleaner
and he was waiting with me the whole time.
He wasn't like me and him.
It was like me and him are doing this
and we beat the beat of the vacuum I was for.
- Dude, those little dogs.
Yeah, whenever there's a big dog and a little dog
in the same house,
the little dogs always want us in charge.
But if we get a small one,
we know that's what it goes gonna be.
- Oh yeah.
- Number two, not number one.
- Dude, you make Zuko look so hard
with the vest, the chain, the kijutake of him.
I think of this guy's like a mafia like boss,
just like smoking cigars and shit.
- That's the whole purpose we have him.
We need to make sure that people just think
he's scary as fucking no one like messes with their house.
So it's all fake.
It's all fake.
It's a persona.
He's not--
- The grass is fake.
- The dogs are fake.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
- Yeah, he's, he's starting to get a little bit more,
turning a little bit more into a guard dog,
like kind of like watching around
and like barking at people outside and things like that.
But he's like so gentle and like,
I don't even, if someone attacked me to be honest,
I don't know if he would really do anything.
I think he would like be overwhelmed emotionally.
I don't know if he's gonna kick him and do anything.
But on pictures, like yeah, we gotta scare people away.
- Do you think you could take him on like a 1v1?
- I can take like wrestle him.
- Just like, yeah, 1v1, you guys like locked into like,
a U of C ring.
- I mean, we wrestle a lot.
We wrestle a lot and when he starts to get really amped up,
yeah, it's like, it's like too much.
He's got so many sharp points.
He's got his like teeth and he's like,
claws are super sharp.
He's got like a little doo claw thing on that side.
That's when it like comes in out of nowhere.
And then, I got like scratches all over my body
from wrestling him, so definitely could not take him.
- Yeah, I have, again, honey doo is, you know,
comparable to Zooto, it's similar size, yeah, look at this stuff.
But yeah, he bites and I have like,
bite marks all over my arm, just scratched up everywhere.
It's crazy, so.
- The puppy teeth are so sharp.
- They are, they are, this guy just loves biting.
He only has two moods.
It's a cuddle, which is this one, or biting.
There's nothing in between.
- Yeah, so go have that face too.
But yeah, he's like, he's like kind of becoming an adult now.
He's like pretty chill and just hanging out
most of the time.
- He should get a kid.
I mean, you should have a kid.
- We have kids.
- He's got a kid right there on his lap,
and mine is looking at the rocks.
- I'm saying like, I used to have a dog
and we have all the pictures, like we dressed them up.
The whole thing, you're very into your dog.
But then you have a kid,
and you don't think about dogs anymore.
I'm not saying your dogs aren't important.
I'm just saying, you should try having,
and also you just said they were expensive.
You should have a kid.
- You'll learn.
- I'm gonna have a kid after Dax has a kid.
That's like the age lineage thing.
So like, you have to do it, and then I'm like, I'm back.
All of you guys have them, you know, like trash, prom, Adam.
You guys all have kids already, so.
- There definitely is an order, and I do feel like I'm next.
I'm definitely next.
- I mean, the ages match up.
- Yeah, I'm like in that group of,
like they call it the old man group.
I'm like in that group.
I don't have kids, so I'm definitely next.
And then one day, these guys, I'm picturing like,
all of the people on Twitter, like having children.
I'm like, imagine like Theo, having children,
I'm just like, what the hell is that gonna be like?
(laughing)
- I hope I'm not still on it when that happens.
I hope I'm like, I've retired from the game at that point,
you know?
- No, I wanna see a world where we're all just talking
about our kids, and it's like, I just can't imagine at all.
- Making contact content, our kids are just like,
(laughing)
- Are your kids already like that, Adam?
- They don't know, they don't know what I do.
I mean, they don't have any idea.
My son, my eight-year-old, has been coming in the office
and doing his homework, like his schoolwork,
we're homeschooling him.
So he like sets in the corner and does his little workbook,
and he's just now at eight, started asking questions.
Like, what exactly is it that I'm doing in here?
He really likes my office, it's a fun place to be,
but like, he's never really put thought into,
like, I'm actually working in here.
So no, not to the point where he has any idea
that I like, turn on a camera and talk to people.
- We're talking about like, kids knowing what you do,
like, do you have friends or like your close friends?
Not like, you're obviously like your Twitter community,
whatever, obviously they know what you guys do,
but do you actually like, friends, friends know
that you guys are like content creators
on like Twitch or Twitter or YouTube, whatever?
- I don't know, I mean, they definitely must come across
some of this stuff.
I don't really know what they make of it.
I think a lot of them find it funny,
'cause it's like obviously when you know someone,
like you've known them forever,
and like suddenly they have like,
this different thing that they're doing.
It's definitely fine.
So my close close friends, a lot of them are engineers,
so they're like, in our circle.
So they obviously know and they get it,
but the transition has been funny for everyone,
I think, to witness.
- Yeah, I've got, I mean, like my closest friends,
I've maybe had like two friends.
Like, I'm not looking for-- - You had two friends.
I was a plastic. - I was a plastic.
- And we're here with you.
It's me and Dax, they're rich here.
- No, like, to friends that aren't in tech,
the closest ones definitely know what I do.
I don't know if they like consume any of it,
they probably don't, but like my neighbors,
like the people around me physically,
'cause even my friends aren't really here,
they have no idea what I do.
Like, I would never try to explain.
Like, I try and explain that I'm a program.
Like, I write software, but I would never say like,
and then I do it on Twitch and I show other people
that I write software like, that's just never happening.
- The funniest for me is still Liz's friends.
When they come over and they like, walk by my office
and they're like, what the fuck?
Like, what is all that shit in there?
Like, they do not understand at all,
even like my normal job, just being like a software engineer,
that I think they get that vaguely.
But then this stuff, it just doesn't,
it's just like, they just don't even comprehend it as a thing.
It just seems super weird to me.
- Yeah, I'm super, super embarrassed every time,
like the cleaners are here and they clean in my office.
And I just know they're think, they never say anything,
but I just know what they're thinking.
Like, that's so embarrassing when your private seniors
come to me and share it.
- I just mean, like, a lot of people have their house clean.
That's not like too ugly, is it?
- Use a plural, do you use a plural?
So for me--
- Well, 'cause different people work at the company.
- I have a cleaner that comes, like I have a cleaning lady
that comes.
- Yeah, one person is cleaning, but there's a rotation.
Different people, you know?
- I pictured, we didn't say cleaners,
I immediately pictured like a van with a bunch of people
in all white, like with all this gear.
- Well, I laugh, yeah.
- And they're like, that's the number line.
- Yeah, exactly.
- I'm surprised you don't have that, to be honest.
- Does that exist?
'Cause it sounds kind of nice.
I mean, to be honest, if you lived in like a real place
and not in Ozark, then Ozark's not real.
- You probably go in even crazier.
I feel like there's--
- I wouldn't be able to afford it.
Like if I lived in a real place,
my senior tech money salary would not cover any of this.
It's just, I live in a very cheap place.
So I have a nice house, you know?
That's the trick.
Just gotta live in the middle.
- I think you are definitely bottlenecked by,
you definitely have desires that you're bottlenecked by,
'cause I know you want this private chef concept
and you just can't find someone.
- Yeah, I would love that.
Yeah, it's hard.
- Yeah.
- It's very tough.
We're limited here and I don't know.
I've got people to do my lawn.
I've got people that water my plants
and I've got people that clean my house.
I've been able to find those people.
- Nice.
- But if anybody knows a private chef in the Ozarks,
I would love a recommendation.
'Cause that's the one area.
We spend so much of our life.
Maybe when you have kids, maybe that's the thing.
When you have kids, half your life
is just preparing, eating and cleaning up food.
That's like basically your whole life.
So if we could just automate that,
that's the last frontier.
- Just give them a soil end.
- Oh my God.
It's so funny 'cause you actually did the soil end thing.
- So I love now doing the soil end thing.
- You did the soil.
You told me it fell out of your backpack.
What was it doing in there?
- I hide around 'cause sometimes I would have for breakfast
and sometimes I'll be in between the meals
and your hungry soil end.
I wasn't like replacing all my meals with soil end.
- Okay.
- Melki, do you even know what soil end is?
Is that like--
- No, I don't know.
- He doesn't even know?
- He doesn't even know.
- That's like old millennials.
Yeah.
- I don't know what that is.
I just eat meat, man.
- That's like--
- I love your pictures.
- It was like, you're like a Ken Wheeler in training
with the meat pictures.
- Yeah, I've said this before.
Ken Wheeler is like my final evolution.
Like, I can already see what I'm going to be.
So--
- I mean, it looks great.
- Soil end was like, can you explain it
to actually you're a consumer of soil end.
- I mean, it's just like a protein drink,
but it was marketed in this like very like tech bro way
where it was like, it's made from genetically modified algae
and the bottle was like completely white and all minimal
and it was like a bunch of like tech people
or just like drinking it for every single meal
and like, shitting like a brick of poop.
It wasn't good.
- You don't have to waste time thinking
about nutrition anymore.
Don't waste anymore seconds of your life.
- People that are so busy and so focused on programming.
They can't make decisions like--
- You can't make fun of it, Dax.
You consumed it.
You fell for it.
- I didn't fall for it.
- God damn it.
I regret telling you that story.
I regret telling you the story.
The story I told out about it, I fell.
I was on my electric longboard, okay?
Check number one.
(laughing)
- Dude, okay, this is great.
- It's a really good story.
- I was in New York and I was riding everywhere.
I hit a pothole and I fell
and I was also wearing a backpack.
Check number two.
- Herschel.
- And then that my-- - By the way,
a Herschel backpack, exactly.
'Cause this was 2015. - Of course.
- My backpack opened and my MacBook flew out
and two bottles of soil went flew out.
And this fucking macho construction guy saw
and he helped me up and he like bandaged me
and I just felt like such a loser.
(laughing)
This could be a scene in Silicon Valley like that.
- He's like, "He's going too up."
He's like, "I got you."
- It's not good.
- Melky, thank you so much for coming.
This was so good.
I think it's really good to just have people in chat
that just pop in.
- This is fun.
- Yeah, thank you guys for just being so open to it.
- We were struggling.
I'll be honest.
- We were. - We were not happy.
We had nothing to talk about.
- I didn't really want to talk to each other today, so.
- Yeah, we just kind of don't like it.
- Yeah, talking more.
- Yeah, we literally talk just on this like four,
three or four hours every week.
- I guess it is just here.
Yeah, we don't like do calls that we don't record.
- I'm happy about it.
It's just kidding.
Sometimes it's hard to come up with some talk about it.
- Well, I'm more happy about it.
I'm the most happy about our relationship, so.
- You guys have a dope podcast.
I'm glad to be a part of it for a little bit.
- Yeah. - This is also--
- Thanks, milky, whose name isn't milky,
that we won't say the name of again.
- Milky. - Just milky.
- We're going to end it.
- All right. - See ya.
- It's been good, see ya next.
(upbeat music)
- All right, do I like, do I just leave?
Like is it-- - Yeah, I think that's,
this is the part we haven't nailed yet.
We haven't nailed the landing.
We're not so good at exiting, we just kind of say bye.
- Bye.